## Evaluation of GANs Overview
Frechet_Inception_Distance(FID)  <br>
: (Source) Coursera GANs Specialization C2W1_Assignment with CelebA dataset <br>
<br>
Fréchet Inception Distance (FID) is a metric used to evaluate the quality and diversity of images generated by a Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) model. It was proposed by Martin Heusel et al. in their paper titled ["GANs Trained by a Two Time-Scale Update Rule Converge to a Local Nash Equilibrium" (2017)](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1706.08500.pdf). <br>
<br>
The FID metric calculates the distance between two multivariate Gaussian distributions: one is the distribution of the real images in a given dataset, and the other is the distribution of the generated images by the GAN. Specifically, the FID metric calculates the Fréchet distance between these two distributions.<br>
<br>
The FID metric is computed using the feature vectors extracted from the intermediate layers of a pre-trained deep neural network called Inception network. The Inception network is used to extract high-level features from both the real and generated images. The FID metric is then computed based on the mean and covariance of the feature vectors.<br>
<br>
A lower FID score indicates that the generated images are closer to the real images in terms of their distribution in the feature space, which means that the generated images are of higher quality and diversity. Therefore, the FID metric is commonly used as a benchmark metric to evaluate the performance of GAN models.<br>
<br>
Overall, the FID metric provides a more reliable evaluation of GAN models compared to other metrics such as Inception Score, which only measures the quality of generated images and doesn't take into account the diversity of the generated images.